add: construction api tutorial (#2702)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/defi/rosetta/icp_rosetta/construction_api/operations_flow/submit.mdx

---
keywords: [intermediate, rosetta, tutorial, derive, accountidentifier]
---
import { MarkdownChipRow } from "/src/components/Chip/MarkdownChipRow";

> # Construction-Submit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Construction-submit

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Intermediate", "Tutorial" ]} />
```

## How to send signed transactions to the IC
This section details how to call the `construction/submit` endpoint of the Rosetta construction API.
The request and response types can be found in the [official documentation](https://docs.cloud.coinbase.com/rosetta/reference/constructionsubmit).
The endpoint sends to transactions to the IC. The first being the `Call Request` which contains the information of what submit, which canister, what function in the canister and with what arguments should be called. 
The second is a `Read-State Request` which continously fetches the current status of the `Call Request` from the IC. It returns either containing some Error or the response of the canister. 
This means that a call to the `construction/submit` endpoint is blocking until a result is available. Inside the returned object you will find information about the response from the ledger. 

> The `construction/submit` endpoint can be called with the following. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `construction/submit` endpoint can be called with the following:
```

}'
```

> and the response would look something like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response would resemble the following:
```

```

> Alternatively, a user can querd the `/block` or `block/transaction` endpoints to see whether the transaction has been included in the blockchain of the ICP ledger. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a user can query the `/block` or `block/transaction` endpoints to see whether the transaction has been included in the blockchain of the ICP ledger. 
```

> Building on the previous python code snipped. A call to the `construction/submit` endpoint written in python could be implemented like the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A call to the `construction/submit` endpoint written in Python could be implemented as follows:
```

> Example call: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
